chore(storybook): update shadow parts documentation (#11838)
carbon-design-system/carbon-for-ibm-dotcom: packages/web-components/README.md

}
```

> > **⚠️ Warning**  
> >While shadow parts selectors are available as an option, we strongly advise against using it. As this may cause components to not behave as expected.

Reviewer: This is a great start! I think we should add some wording that indicates adopters are responsible for making sure their styles don't break anything, and that we can't guarantee their styles will always work with future updates to components' code.

```suggestion
> **⚠️ Warning**
> While shadow parts selectors are available as an option, use them at your own risk. Changing component styles may cause components to not behave as expected. You are responsible for ensuring your components remain functional while using shadow parts selectors. We cannot guarantee updates to our library's component styles won't conflict with shadow part modifications.
```
